we get to know real talk i just
watched the episode 13 of wicked
tuna this year and what a
nail-biter it's time now for we
can tune a real talk show where
each week after every episode of
wicked tuna the captain's come
on in and give us a little bit
more insight into what just
happened my name is mike sulka
be your host
joining us now are the three
captains who ended the week in
the top three spots on the
leaderboard the fleet's current
leader captain Dave Marciano the
hard merchandise in second place
its captain Dave Carraro fishing
vessel tuna.com and right behind
them in third place captain TJ
ott of Hot Tuna great to have
all three guys here once again
there's a ton to talk about from
this episode i think a great
place to start is the team that
has now emerged as the boat to
beat hard merchandise started
out the weekend third place but
after an amazing trip or
Marciano and Jay caught three
tuna the guys jumped in the
first place ahead of last
season's champion fishing vessel
tuna.com Marciano you guys did
not start fast and it looked
like it was going to be yet
another year of you guys trying
to play catch-up and yet here
you are leading the fleet week
13 not too much time left
what turned your season around
yeah i don't know i mean a I go
back to life said always before
a little bit of luck goes a long
way in this business you know we
do the same thing we've always
done we get out there we fish
and we had some luck you know
namely to like that double we
had doubleheader you know the
fish state of pot head they swim
together we could have lost them
both and just like that we could
have went from three fish to one
fish a little bit of luck the
fish spread out we did good 13
fish in the last nine weeks
semester good i got here on a
pretty darn that role now you
always say hey I'm just here to
feed my family and I just want
to make sure joke and go through
college and then we hear it over
no real exam refrain from you
but well pride when I was
younger more than just the feed
his family you want to be in
that top spot
I mean is there some kind of
place Dave how off it is it you
know it's better with each our
winches wash with is it we
you're behind by boat
your power is always behind only
does he play
so if i can't get heavy with
speed i'll get a heavier one way
or another
all I have to have two words one
blank believable or ok i believe
is that your hard work and
dedication is paid off
I don't think its lucky I think
you just fishing for nobody's
out there on the meeting and
he's taking advantage of the
bites i did actually get out of
the chair this trip so I must do
the work and pressure on her
why use this word with you all
the time Dave motivation i know
you're motivated certainly by
competition what is the
motivation like when you see
Marciano on the top of the
leaderboard
besides my eye twitch in my
limited right now I'm more
motivated now than I've ever
been
I mean I mean I would never I
would never thought i would i
would never guess in a in 10
seasons gave you
you blew everyone else out of
the water last year when it
wasn't even close you won going
away
how different is it now with
everybody right on your heels
and right with you being part of
the pack every year is different
last year that was just simply
not a lot of fish around and we
were just able to capitalize on
every fish that came under the
boat every bite
we were able to catch the
majority of the fish you know we
did a good job last year you
know what the amount of fish
that were there and that was it
was very limited this year
there's a lot of fish around
there's more fish around this
year than we've seen in many
years and I think we all agree
on that studies can catch it's
just better here it's it's it's
anybody's game you know right
place right time the fish are
biting their aggressive and you
know who ever really puts into
those time and makes all the
right moves is going to be on
top how much more comfortable
are you on top and supposed to
fighting together have a lot
more comfortable on top okay i
don't think anybody likes being
second third and fourth you know
just that it's it's more
stressful and when it's more
stressful usually don't perform
the way you would like to TJ for
the opportunity you showed up
here a couple years ago with
with big expectations and now
you find yourself writing the
chase to actually win this thing
to share how how important that
be for you and your crew it be
huge i mean you know where there
were competing right there to
the end and we love to beat
these guys but you know I I
thought I've got to complete the
black but I know how to beat the
sausage weighing over
are you better tell Jake another
name for the boat we gonna dump
the ugly duckling it was just
such wagon I don't like that one
play like a sausage we're gonna
make you happy there's sausage
flag you could put up there with
the other you have to work on we
don't have that yet the American
flag the Italian swaggin you got
the Harvard today's flight you
need a big sausage you know the
people . the sausage don't like
forest himself why why do you
think that you three have been
as successful as you are this
year teacher we just put in the
time that's really what it comes
down there
the fishings good to Fisher
there and it's gonna come down
to the guy who puts in the most
time and really gets you know
lucky and Lance those fishermen
that's what it boils down to day
we saw you and Jay fighting to
tuna at the same time this week
which is a challenge in and of
itself but it actually went
beyond that because you actually
had a tuna hanging off the back
of the boat at the same time
just to add another little
challenge you've got the old
boat the sauce & Dragons the
other duckling you got you and
Jay only two of you on the boat
you got another one hanging off
the back let's see how they
handled it
mark 111 up I yeah like eight
yeah
rather dad me
got it Ron this is as good as it
gets
oh come on now we got you are
now again you must to grab it
just as I started really now the
tricky part is gonna be getting
both aboard the boat
taking out of gear running the
wrong way okay I'm gonna lose it
this on a bit
not only do we have to fish on
we've still got one fish hanging
on the side we could lose one of
these fish were biting getting
tangled around his guilt place
the only do side of his guilt
and off to the basket a fighting
jewfish is a double-edged sword
it's a great thing you got to
one that's cool but if those
lines cross we could lose them
both have here it's chaos
we're gonna have to fight these
fish opposite sides of the boat
to fish on 80 it's going to
reduce the likelihood of those
lines crossing black slacks lakh
every one of these we get close
to deal with fresh
all right so it looks like you
could lose both of your fish air
Marciano what are you gonna do
you got two on the line and
you've got one hanging off the
back of the boat how stressful
is that for you and Jack yeah
it's it's stressful but you know
it's only a matter we gotta take
some action right i mean that
was good fishing we didn't even
have a chance to get the one in
the boat we were on again we got
them up on the side we get him
out of the way so we could fight
the other two fish do we made it
happen where the dollars you got
too much and that's where i got
experience he cums in you know
the kids been on the boat a long
time not he did great driving
the boat he did great fighting
fish that's a tough act for
anybody to juggle the day what's
the key to that was the key to
realign into fish at the same
time and we collectively work
together you know you have to I
mean like you said he had the
two fish on he had to fish
hanging and I've seen it before
the one fish runs underneath the
fish thats hanging and as it's
running it cause it right off
you lose one fish and then you
break the other one off and you
guys did everything you needed
to win you gotta work together
and you don't even bump j off
the wheel like Tyler did I
didn't have to the kid was doing
good how often would you say
that happens that you get to the
same at the same time many Paul
and I we've and Sandra we've had
four on at times before pay it
does happen it was shy but
everything again that this pros
and cons to it you know again
you put happen for on is great
but really it's tough to land
all for what is the probability
rate on something like that once
you get what you say to a moron
to the little you know high
probability of losing you have
50 under the boat you know you
might get a double well over on
the Hot Tuna TJ your beef last
week with Dave on the.com was
still fresh in your mind clearly
was a big motivating factor for
you and hot to a team all this
week let's take a look
see the blackboard always down
there the hot zone is currently
number two on the leaderboard
and dot-coms in the lead thanks
to us last week Dave lights once
we put them onto a hotspot
anybody except that way to sit
and no one told us fishing was
slow but he actually caught
three fish and raped in 14 grand
well yeah crowd fortuna while
causing us to miss out on the
bike that's a pretty low ball
moving forward
he's out of my network out of my
circle of trust now all these to
me as competition
nothing else it's also a our
goal to make sure we out fish
Dave itj the the so-called bad
blood between you and David it
seemed to really motivate you
and really give you a little bit
of extra fuel to the fire this
week how how motivated are you
by what had happened the week
earlier with dave well I mean I
want to win this thing obviously
I want to beat these guys but
that definitely added fuel to
the fire for sure you saw him
lose a fish early in the week
the dot-com guys saw you catch a
fish fairly early as well and
dave says he feels curse now
this kind of goes against the
the day view of luck where he
doesn't believe in Lock how
could you feel cursed there i
don't know maybe karma got comin
together in which doctor was a
good day from your side of
things TJ really seem to be
gunning for you this week how's
that make you feel that
everything regardless of what
happened last week everybody's
always gonna be gunning for you
especially if you're on top
everybody's got their balls on
everybody wants to be that boat
that's just part efficient the
top guy everybody wants that top
guys hated . Marciano you are
that top guy right now and you
weren't here last week as we got
to really explore in-depth what
happened with the with the other
two character sit next to you
but what do you make of it how
how how off how common or
disagreements with other
fishermen how big a deal are
they
it's not a big deal look it
happens we're all under a lot of
stress we all want to catch the
most fish the fish worth money
as much as we try and get along
and be great buddies right when
it comes down to an out fishing
I want to do better than Dave
Dave wants to do better than me
and TJ what's new better than
both of us
that's what we really feel like
it's you know as much as we like
to say hey it's great you all
got them too
when it really comes down to it
you know humans in general we
were a little bit selfish in
nature like that right that's
just how we are so arguments
happen
how often do you find that it's
difficult to swallow your pride
and just say look I'm sorry
let's move on
more often than i would like you
know everything right I have to
say I'm sorry all the time from
you know I wish I could say I
was perfect but you know no one
here is we all make mistakes and
you know hopefully we don't
think we've seen it where all of
us you know we we pick up the
pieces we say we're sorry we
move on wee man up and move on
you not to say that to jail do
now Jason difference at all
right he's just a crewmember
yeah he's sorry
however it's not like he's a
real person or something has
come along way you doing great i
think he has no yeah it's really
don't tell you without a doubt i
mean again he earned his keep
you know just this trip with
those two fish he did everything
right you did and think about it
you guys had also time he's
yelling and screaming that's one
fish you had three on anybody
said two words
alright alright every season we
just see a little glimpse into
the type of food that you guys
prepare when you're out on the
water waiting for by each boat a
little bit different we've seen
jeon hard merchandise eat
straight out of a can that was
unimpressive and two weeks ago
my god prepared would look like
a gourmet meal for the Hot Tuna
guys this week . com was cooking
sausages that rolled around in
the rocky rocky sees Adam from
the sausage bill is that where
you could just all the matter is
also have done it
lose the bet what's the best
what's the best boat to go to
for good food DJ I don't know
man I mean I i like the way to
tell you but I thought of you
know that I I got you know but I
tell you the best thing I i
finally yeah there's someone
gives a piece of fresh halibut
or something that will break it
up and what we do it if someone
eats food they could come to us
we'll come up
we've been on your bill . yeah
he's gonna get for he's got he's
got all the amenities now Dean
you know on the other hand when
he's cooking his dinner that
starts at five o'clock morning
but hot canned food on his
exhaust manifold that's ready by
5pm you have room on your boat
to cook anything no we don't
ever don't ever look we get a
grill once in awhile if it's
common got the grill but if it's
too rough to kohls just get put
out by the wave so
everybody just don't eat well on
your body we can whether it's in
the can
it's good it's rolls doesn't do
you cook it on a manifold what
you can do when you look for the
bus heat and find another name i
get open the engine hatch to do
that let's work you guys have
worked on a boat
what if 402 now the onions the
jungle when we have one for you
have to share the war and it by
allocate one for the season
you may say feed it to her i buy
fresh blocks and you get one for
the season to get 14 can get one
spoon you think that like having
Mike on the boat has made your
boat more successful this year I
I think he's coming out of the
fog yeah he started out rusty
but I think he's definitely been
asked that I just moved from the
eating perspecto yeah well I'm
crew is a high cholesterol is
going up a bunch of points and
food is here for the crew but
now it sits at the end of the
day when everyone's got a job
and when you're tired you just
wanna have a hot meal or just
kind of you know relax a little
bit it's nice to have somebody
doing that for you and you don't
have to do it you know Dave who
cooks on your boat anyway all
take chance we all take turns
doing any mailman was great to
have on the boat now then used
to love cooking breakfast lunch
and dinner but you know what's
on your mind George will make
one good meal a day and that's
typically at night but they
can't wait all day for that we
have a week during the day but
it's usually cold foods you know
no fish no fish no you're
cooking fish on your benefit no
fish on anyhow they can even
fish you just don't like it I
don't eat fish
I just catch him Marciano when
you guys are out there what kind
of food do you and Jake prepare
for yourselves
Tom you know normally we have a
grill right if it's come out
we'll cook on the grill maybe
some sausages some hamburgers
but that being said it's not
often that comment up we cook on
the grill so we threw a couple
of canned goods and for the bus
heater or even write out the cat
is good enough for me
TJ for people haven't lived out
on the open water like that what
what is the what is the quality
of life living on the ocean for
a period of days or a week to
spoil my ring I'm not gonna
sugarcoat imagine you are you
know we have freezers
refrigerators and ovens and TV
sat TV
yeah it really is built to
travel you know long distances
and Marcia more for you then
because you're the one who's out
there without a lot of those
creature comforts
what is what was that experience
like okay it's like it's like
Captain it really is it's like
camping and you know what those
calm nights when we can start
the grill once in awhile even
have a bag of marshmallows to
roast over oh yeah holes would
done right I mean that's how Jay
and I look at it we get in we
don't have a shower we can open
up for five days it's five days
with no shower
I mean we just it's camping it's
rough it but you know when I
didn't look good but there to
catch fish if you come over us
will share with you i know
you've just in the past TJ you
focus ya know TJ is very
generous when they head back
sure and Brittany regenerate
he's he's made us to make
sandwiches for breakfast
sometimes look at one more
curious about the shower thing
when you guys talking about now
I'd never given him a shower i
mean i just grabbed himself has
her while the fleet has been
fishing it now for more than
three months this week marked
the beginning of the countdown
to the end now there are only
two weeks left until the season
closes guys you've all been
there especially this time of
the year I mean it's a long way
into the season when your body
is as exhausted as it can be and
you've been out and just as
grueling as it can be what keeps
you going
this is it i mean is when the
bottom of the ninth-inning
they'll know the score is
basically tied you know we're
not going to give up everybody
wants to hit that last home run
it's it's almost over to and you
know to an efficient is like
banging your head against the
wall
it feels great when you stop
when you can look at this stuff
look it's going to be incredibly
tense what do you see happening
down the stretch marciana you
got that you got the lead now
you gotta try to protect it
I want to hang onto it that's so
which was thinking you know
something about that I don't
know how I'm gonna go see the
Italian witch doctor and put a
curse on you and put you right
out of the game for the rest of
the season
did I know you're motivated what
do you need to do to get back
out there in the last couple of
weeks and get in front of
Marciano gonna go out there and
pound it out and say we're going
to do the same thing we do every
year
TJ I'm just going to pray for
the best man
well the Robins that we can
actually capitalizing land
yeah no more rubber hooks in the
meantime keeping whatever might
make whatever bubble only put
the front is a good chance
disappears could get at the end
of that sucker all right well
that's all the time that we have
for this week wanna give you
guys all three of you a big
thank you captain Dave Marciano
hard merchandise captain Dave
Carraro a fishing vessel
tuna.com and of course captain
TJ out of Hot Tuna you can catch
all the Real Talk episodes very
easy just go to NatGeo tv.com /
real talk will be back again
next week right after the
all-new episode of wicked tuna
next Sunday 9 o'clock on
national geographic channel on
next week's episode the old with
only two weeks left the fishing
until the season closes the
fleet is going to fight to earn
final paychecks on real talk
next week Marciano and TJ both
back again captain Tyler
McLaughlin the pinwheel will
join us as well get your wicked
tuna fix by liking us on
facebook follow us on twitter to
get daily updates that's a
social media deal we will catch
you guys next time
wicked tuna real